README.md, before:

# Next.js TypeScript Tailwind CSS Template

![Next.js TypeScript Tailwind CSS Template](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pyyupsk/nextjs-template/main/.github/assets/preview.png)

This is a template project using Next.js with TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, ESLint, Prettier, Husky, Lint-staged, Knip, Next-themes for dark mode, and Framer-motion for animations.

## Features

-   Next.js - A React framework
-   TypeScript - A typed superset of JavaScript
-   Tailwind CSS - A utility-first CSS framework
-   ESLint - A pluggable linting utility for JavaScript
-   Prettier - An opinionated code formatter
-   Husky - A Git hooks manager
-   Lint-staged - Run linters on staged files
-   Knip - Check for unused dependencies
-   Next-themes - A library for adding dark mode to your Next.js projects
-   Framer-motion - A production-ready motion library for React

## Available Scripts

-   `dev`: Start the development server
-   `build`: Build the project
-   `start`: Start the production server
-   `lint`: Lint the project
-   `format`: Check the formatting of the project
-   `format:fix`: Fix the formatting of the project
-   `knip`: Check unused dependencies
-   `knip:fix`: Fix unused dependencies

## Getting Started

### Installation

1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/pyyupsk/nextjs-template.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory

```bash
cd nextjs-template
```

3. Install the dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Feel free to use this template for your Next.js projects!

---

This project was created with ❤️ by [ファース](https://github.com/pyyupsk)

Commit message:

refactor: update ESLint, Tailwind, and project dependencies; remove unused files
- Modified `.eslintrc.json` to simplify configuration
- Removed `.husky/pre-push` hook
- Updated `.lintstagedrc.json` to support additional file extensions
- Updated `README.md` with new scripts and minor fixes
- Adjusted `knip.json` configuration
- Updated `package.json` dependencies and scripts
- Added `src/components/icons/MdiGithub.tsx` for GitHub icon
- Adjusted `src/app/layout.tsx` and `src/app/page.tsx` for new components and type improvements
- Updated global styles in `src/styles/globals.css`
- Simplified `tailwind.config.ts` and removed custom icon handling

README.md, after:

# Next.js TypeScript Tailwind CSS Template

![Next.js TypeScript Tailwind CSS Template](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pyyupsk/nextjs-template/main/.github/assets/preview.png)

This is a template project using Next.js with TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, ESLint, Prettier, Husky, Lint-staged, Knip, Next-themes for dark mode, and Framer-motion for animations.

## Features

-   Next.js - A React framework
-   TypeScript - A typed superset of JavaScript
-   Tailwind CSS - A utility-first CSS framework
-   ESLint - A pluggable linting utility for JavaScript
-   Prettier - An opinionated code formatter
-   Husky - A Git hooks manager
-   Lint-staged - Run linters on staged files
-   Knip - Check for unused dependencies
-   Next-themes - A library for adding dark mode to your Next.js projects
-   Framer-motion - A production-ready motion library for React

## Available Scripts

-   `build`: Build the project
-   `dev`: Start the development server
-   `format`: Check the formatting of the project
-   `format:fix`: Fix the formatting of the project
-   `knip`: Check unused dependencies
-   `knip:fix`: Fix unused dependencies
-   `lint`: Lint the project
-   `prepare`: Install husky hooks
-   `serve`: Start the production (static) server
-   `start`: Start the production server

## Getting Started

### Installation

1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/pyyupsk/nextjs-template.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory

```bash
cd nextjs-template
```

3. Install the dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Feel free to use this template for your Next.js projects!

---

This project was created with ❤️ by [ファース](https://github.com/pyyupsk)
